Text Mining : Text Analytics, also known as text mining, is the process of examining large collections of written resources to 
              generate new information,and to transform the unstructured text into structured data for use in further analysis.

Text : text is everywhere books,news,our conversations with friends , facebbok and wikipedia 
       text is growing . about 2.5 million terabytes of text is being created per one day
			 that means by 2020 there will be 40 billion terabytes of data
	AND 80% of this data is unstructured.
then comes text mining, it is used to convert all of that unstructured data into structures data.
we can do that using python and its numerous libraries and toolkits
first lets do some basic text handling operations in python
lower upper split 
as most of you know hamlet is a play written by shakesphere , we will use it now for text handling
file
re
to get re into python we import python regex module 
pandas is a open source python library used to manipulate tables and time series

natural language : any language we use for speaking is called as natural language
artificial language: language used by machines like c , c++ , python , java

for machines to understand natural langage we use natural language processing.
nlp is a part of artificial intelligence
using an nltk we humans can interact with computer to process and analyze large amounts of natural language data.
-now let me explain some nlp tasks
count : we can count the vocabuary of words in python using len operation from nltk 
count 2: frequency , using nltk we can calculate the frequency of each word in a given file , like how many times has a word repeated
		this output shows the frequency in descending order
stemming : this is a process of removing prefixes and suffixes of a word .
	let us take a word organize , it can be written as organizes , organize,organized,organizing
	it is useful to search for one of this word. we use emming for that
lemmatization: it is a improved version of stemming where we consider the vocabulary of a language
tokenization : earlier when we split a sentence with a perfect vocabulary.
pos: parts of speech verb noun adverb conjunction 

till now we were able to process natural language i.e make the machine understand 
now let us process this text using text classification in python.
here we apply classification algorithm to classify text for a given input 
some examples are topic identification , spam detection , sentiment analysis and spelling correction 
sentiment analysis : The process of computationally identifying and categorizing opinions expressed in a piece of text, 
			especially in order to determine whether the writer's attitude towards a particular topic, product, etc. 
			is positive, negative, or neutral

Merits and Demerits of Text Mining.

